So in this video, we will be talking about the next three classes of this.
Project that is cab booking system.
So first class is the sign up Java class.
So this class is defined inside the package cab booking system and.
Then we have imported our necessary packages like import Java, JWT, Abstract Window Toolkit, which
will help us to create graphical user interface applications.
Then we have imported Java exporting Java SQL to connect with the database a DOT event, two handling
event or the button and import border to add border layout for this frame or window.
After that, we have defined our sign up clause, which is extending frame and implementing action inside
which we have defined the variable content.
There are four text fields.
We have defined text filled text one, two, three, and there is two buttons.
One in between there is a one combo box.
Inside the main method we have called the instance of the current class.
That is a new sign up outside visible is also true.
After that we have defined the non parameter constructor for this class.
Set the bound for the frame as 600 comma two 5000 size will be seven across 406.
After that, we have defined a content pane as equals to new panel.
Set that border with the empty border and that to our content paint.
And then we said the background color as white and the layout as null.
After that, we have defined the label name.
We have set this foreground color as dark gray, its its font family and type its size.
Then we have set its location and after that we have added it to our content pane.
Similarly, we have another label of a label name.
It set its foreground color and its font type family and it's bound.
After that, we have added that to our content pane.
Similarly, we have there another label labeled as that is foreground color to dark gray.
It's font, family type and size.
And then we have set its location and size.
After that we have added that to our content pane.
Similarly, there is another label labeled as answer.
We have set its foreground color as dark gray, then it's font, family type and size.
Then we have added this location and size, then added it to our content pane.
Then there is a new combo box.
We have defined the model of Compubox with the help of a new default compubox model inside which there
is a new string array inside which we have installed all the security questions like your nickname,
your lucky number, your childhood superhero, your childhood name.
Then we have set the location and size for the combo box and added the combo box to our content pane.
After that, there is another label secure for the security question set its foreground color as dark
gray and its font type family and size.
After that, we have set this location and size and added that also to our content.
And then we have defined edited image, created image with the help of image icon and image objects.
Then we have added that image to our A label and set its location and size and added that label to our
frame frame also.
After that, we have defined a text field that is location and size.
After that, we have added that text file to our content pane and set its maximum limit to ten.
Similarly, we have there is another text field.
Text field when we have set maximum limit at ten for that text field and set its location and size and
added that to our content pane.
The similar thing we are we have did for the text field to set its maximum size and then after that
its location and.
Size, width and height after that, setting it to our content pane.
Similarly, there is a text field.
Three We have read the same things for the text fill three as well.
Then we have created a button one with a name as create adding a listener to the button setting, font
type family and size of that button setting the bound for the button, its location X and Y and its
width and height after that background color and foreground color for the button and adding that button
to our content pane.
After that, we have defined two new button back, adding extra listener to that button and its one
type family size.
Then we have set the bound and location of that button, in fact, foreground and background color of
that button and adding that button to our content pane.
Then there's another panel setting its foreground color.
Inside the panel, we are adding the title bottle with the help of the line border and the new color
by passing the RGB values in the color, its name will be create account.
After that, what we are doing is we have set the location of the that panel in size, then background
color as white and add that to panel that panel to our content pane.
Then we have defined the action method which is taking an event argument inside which we have created
the instance of a token class.
And if the source of the event is from event, then we will fetch the required details into our string
variables from our the combo box and text field which we have created above.
After that, we have defined a string as well.
Inside, which we are creating the query to store the values into our account with respect to username
and password, question and answer.
Then we will be creating.
Executing the query with the help of context, not execute update query as well.
Then we will show the message dialog box that account created successfully.
And we will move the.
Control of the program to a new login file and set the visibility as to if the source of the content
is from the V1, then we will set the visibility of the current window as false and call the login window
and set the visibility as true.
Then we will ask the exception if any exceptions will occur.
So this is all about the signup page.
After the successful signup, it will move the control of the program to log in.
So let us move to the login page.
So here is the login file.
It is defined inside the package capture booking system.
We have imported the necessary package to provide a better graphical user interface and handling events
all the buttons and also connecting with the database.
After that, we have defined our login class, which is extending frame and implementing extend listener
inside which we have a panel of private of type private and there is a one text field, one password
field, and there are three buttons.
B1, B2 and B three inside the non parameterized constructor of this class.
We have set the background color by passing the RTB values, set the bound for that frame and after
that we set the layout as null and set the background color as white.
After that, we have loaded an image with the help of the class loader, and after that we have added
that image to a label and set the bound and location for that image and added that label to our frame.
After that, there is a label element which is labeled as username, setting its bound location and
size.
After that, what we are doing is adding that label to our L6 label.
Similarly, there is a label alto labeled as password.
We have set location and its size.
After that, we have added that label to our L six label.
Then there is a text field with respect to the user name setting bound for the text field.
420 comma zero is the x and y values and 157 plus 20 is the width and height values for that text field
and adding that text field to our label.
And six after that in the password field we have defined a password field setting location and size
for the password field, adding that password field to our label.
Six.
Similarly, there is a button for the login and adding that access to that button setting, for example,
bypassing RDB values and setting background color by passing the RGV values for the required color,
setting its location and size, and adding that button to our label.
After that, there is a button for the sign up adding extension to that button, setting the foreground
color of the button and background color of the button by passing RGB values with the help of a color
class.
After that, we are setting its bound location and size with the help of set down method and adding
that button to our label l6.
Now there is a button third, which is for forgot password.
After this class we will be discussing about the Forgot Password class, adding the action listener
to that class, setting the foreground color and the background color with the help of the color class,
and setting the bounds for that button which will help us to locate the button and setting its size.
After that, we have added that button to our frame.
Then there is another label, label five labeled as Trouble in login.
So this will be shown beside the forward password button.
Setting font, size, font, family type and size for that button, foreground and background color
setting bounds and adding that button to our label.
Now we have defined the action, performed a method inside which, if the source of the event is from
V1, then we will set the boolean variable false inside the type log.
We will creating the connection or creating the connection instance of our connection class.
Create a string query like select extra form account where username and password will match.
Then we will create a prepared statement and set the string.
Text field or text and password field.
Get text.
After that we will execute that query.
And if the query will match, then we will set the visibility of the current window as false and move
the control of the program to our home window.
If the password or username does not match, then we will show the message that invalid login or password.
Inside the back we will handle any exception if occurs.
If the source of the button is from beta, then we will set the visibility of the current window as
false and we will call the sign up class and set the visibility of sign up window as true the if the
source of the button is from beta, then we will set the visibility of the current window file and.
And we will be creating a forward password.
Forgot password object.
And we will call that for our password object as true inside the main function we have created the login
instance and set the visibility as to.
Let's see the password, cos it is defined inside the package car booking system.
We have imported the necessary packages.
This for password class extending the frame and implementing Excel listener.
There are one j panel of private types five text field and three.
Bull button types.
Inside the main function, we have created the forward password and set the visibility as to.
There is a non parameter constructor of this class.
We have set the bound for the frame.
Define the content panel and with the empty border setting that to our frame.
After that we have added the background color as white and set the layout as null.
Then there is a label, one that is a user name setting, font, family type size for it, and set its
bounds after that, adding that to our content bin.
Similarly, there is for the name setting font, family type and size for that label.
After that setting, bound for that label and adding that label to our content pane.
Similarly, we have a security question label adding a setting font, family type and size for that
and setting bound for that label and adding that to our content.
Similarly, there is a label for the answer and setting font family types and size for that label and
setting bound for it and then adding it to our content pane.
Similarly, there is a label for the password.
We are doing the same thing.
After that there is a text text field.
Even for the text field, when we are setting the font form color and its bound and adding that to text
field our content pane.
Similarly there is for the text to a text field.
T three We are doing the same thing and for the data we are setting its editable property as false.
So these are the properties we are setting for the taxpayer to do similarly for the tax will be set
the editable property as false, its font, its full colour column maximum size and setting its bounds
and adding that to our content pane.
Similarly, there is a default text field setting its font family type size, adding its foreground
colour with the help of the new colour class, setting its maximum size and setting it's bound.
Adding that to our content.
After that there is a text file.
They are doing the same thing for the text file.
Five.
Then we have a loaded end image with the help of image icon object.
Added that to our label and setting.
It's bound for the label and added that label to our frame.
After that there is a button search.
We are adding extra additional font type family size, setting its bound foreground and background color
and adding that to our content pane.
Similarly, there is a button two for the retrieve for which we are doing the same thing as we did for
the search button.
And there is another similar button for the back for which we are doing the similar things and setting
the font bound background, color and foreground color of that button.
Then there is a panel we have defined that is an LG panel setting bound location for it and setting
as background color as pink and content, adding that panel to our content panel.
After that, we have defined the action performed method.
So we inside the dialog, we have created our instance of the class.
And if the source of the button is from V1, then we will select the account where username will match.
We will create a prepared statement.
Set the string from one test and execute that query for that particular username required.
We will set the text in name into our text field or data and question into our text tree.
And if the source of the button is from way to what we do, we will match the select aspect for my account
answer.
Create a prepared statement and set the string from for get the get text.
After that we will execute that query.
And for that particular record where the answer will match, we will set the text, set the password,
password in our text.
55 If the source of the button is from B3, we will set the visibility of the current window as fol
and make the control of the program to our login class and set the visibility as to inside the block.
We will handle any exception if occurs.
So this is all about the three classes login sign up and forgot password class.
In next video we will be knowing about our home class.
So that's all in this video.